Add topic about "Lazy Initiliazation" pattern to Design patterns (#790)
oneapi-src/oneTBB: doc/main/tbb_userguide/design_patterns/Lazy_Initialization.rst

.. _Lazy_Initialization:

Lazy Initialization
==================

.. container:: section

   .. rubric:: Problem
      :class: sectiontitle

>    Delay the creation of an object (potentially expensive) until it is accessed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Delay the creation of an object, potentially expensive, until it is accessed.
```

Author: Done.

>    In parallel programming initialization also must be guarded against race conditions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   In parallel programming, initialization must also be guarded against race conditions. 
```

Author: Done.

.. container:: section

   .. rubric:: Context
      :class: sectiontitle

   The cost of operations that take place during the initialization
   of the object may be considerably high. In that case, the object

>    should be initialized only when it is needed. Lazy initialization

Author: Done.

>    is the common tactic that allows implementing such approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   is the common tactic that allows implementing such an approach.
```

Author: Done.

.. container:: section

   .. rubric:: Solution
      :class: sectiontitle

   Using ``oneapi::tbb::collaborative_call_once`` with ``oneapi::tbb::collaborative_once_flag``
   helps to implement thread-safe lazy initialization for a user object.

   In addition, ``collaborative_call_once`` allows other thread blocked on
   the same ``collaborative_once_flag`` to join other |short_name|
   parallel constructions called within the initializing function.

.. container:: section

   .. rubric:: Example
      :class: sectiontitle

>    The example presented here illustrate implementation of "lazy initialization" for Fibonacci numbers calculation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This example illustrates the implementation of "lazy initialization" for the calculation of the Fibonacci numbers.
```

Reviewer: Why is lazy initialization in quotes here but not in the cases above?

Author: Removed quotes.

   Here is a graphical representation of the Fibonacci recursion tree for N=4.

   |image0|

   As seen in the diagram, some elements are recalculated more than once. These operations are redundant,
   so the "lazy initialized" Fibonacci numbers are relevant here.

   An implementation without the use of "lazy initialization" would have *O(2^N)* time complexity due to
   the full recursion tree traversal and recalculation of values. Since all the nodes are traversed once,

>    the tree previously shown becomes a list, making the time complexity *O(N)*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   the tree becomes a list, making the time complexity *O(N)*.
```

   |image1|

>    The code for the implementation is shown below. Already calculated values are stored in a buffer paired with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Here you can see the code for the implementation. Already calculated values are stored in a buffer paired with
```

>    ``collaborative_once_flag`` and won't be recalculated when ``collaborative_call_once`` is invoked

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   ``collaborative_once_flag`` and will not be recalculated when ``collaborative_call_once`` is invoked
```

   when initialization has already been done.

   ::

      using FibBuffer = std::vector<std::pair<oneapi::tbb::collaborative_once_flag, std::uint64_t>>;

      std::uint64_t LazyFibHelper(int n, FibBuffer& buffer) {
         // Base case
         if (n <= 1) {
            return n;
         }
         // Calculate nth value only once and store it in the buffer.
         // Other threads won't be blocked on already taken collaborative_once_flag
         // but join parallelism inside functor
         oneapi::tbb::collaborative_call_once(buffer[n].first, [&]() {
            std::uint64_t a, b;
            oneapi::tbb::parallel_invoke([&] { a = LazyFibHelper(n - 2, buffer); },
                                         [&] { b = LazyFibHelper(n - 1, buffer); });
            buffer[n].second = a + b;
         });

         return buffer[n].second;
      }

      std::uint64_t Fib(int n) {
         FibBuffer buffer(n+1);
         return LazyFibHelper(n, buffer);
      }

> .. |image0| image:: Images/image008a.jpg

Reviewer: can you remake screenshots so it would have a space above and beneath the figures?

Author: Updated images.
